GMODISM DUPELICATION REALESEPARTY 2

This is a realistic airship with manual lever controll!
Super fun to operate and quite hard still. Anyhow it is a quite manuverible ship anyways.
The ship uses balloons to lift and the ballontank is fastend to the ship by ropes. The ship has roadsigns and other scrapmetal plates fastend on parts of the ship itself. That works like light armour as the ship is wooden and can be destroyed by gunfire, by players or NPCs. The ladders beside the ship works as reeling and as a platform to stand on if pilot needs to return gunfire to attackers below.
The ship has no weapons beside guns carried by player. Observe that there are no seats to sit in, but pilot does not risk to fall of. It is adviced to stand still when flying in full speed, especially do not jump in full speed, you may fall of to your death!

Operating the aircraft:

Using levers: look at lever and press and hold "E" release on desired point.
When in ship, look up to the lever on tank controlling burner and use it to lift, then set it to stabile possition, so you float in air.
then look forward to front of ship, there is stearing lever, set it to middle possition!
Then look right and turn engine key to "on" then flip the throttle switch.
Now you must turn around so that you look backwards and you see the CVT lever, set it to a possition that gives you desired speed, observe that it is not safe to get up on the ladderdecks in full speed!
Now you turn to the stearing lever and drives to desired destination, change lift force and so height with upper lever (on tank).

The feeling of manual flying is very cool!

Requierments:
--------------------
You need Garry's Mod
and some addons for gmod:
Wiremod
Sprops
ACF (armoured combat framework)
Advanced dupelication tool
Fin tool 2
--------------------

INSTALLATION:

Place the dupe files inside the dupe folder. Any adv dupe tool should work, but I recomend using Advdupelicator 2 because it is the tool with least errors right now. Here is you dupe file folder:

GarrysMod\garrysmod\data\advdupe2\

For me it looks like this:

C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\SteamApps\common\GarrysMod\garrysmod\data\advdupe2\

Paste the txt files from "dupelicator files" folder to the location described above.